Logical operations similarly can be used for logical operations like comparison signals or even carrying
and or exhaust and so on.
The output of these logic operations is boolean Type 1 if through 0.
If false is a different logic operation plucks are found in logic in that operation library.
Let's talk about street the from blocks compared to Coniston compared to 0 and relational operator compared
to Coniston.
Pluck is used to compare an input signal u to a constant which is added in constant value.
You can also choose a comparison or as operator or even you can change the output data type.
In this example one is being compared to three operator is less than or equal so as the output signal
is true or one compared to zero block in this block the signal is compared to 0 and it gains operator
can be selected from the block options since 1 is not less than or equal to zero as the answer is Fool's
or 0 relational operator is used to compare two signals a gains operator can be selected from here
we can also add logical operator which can be defined to be and NAND or or whatever
I will drag this guy here.
I will copy display pluck
double clicks a block you can select a different operator from here.
For example three and one the output is 1.
You can also customize the shape of the block from here.
I have a dash to be the file which contains a true stable of different logical operator if you want
to refresh your memory.
Thank you guys for watching.
In the next video I will talk about subsystems.